OPENTYPE FEATURES:

AALT
Accesses All Alternate glyphs from the Glyphs panels in Adobe Illustrator or Indesign.

CASE
Sets All-Caps to activate case sensitive forms: transform lowercase letters, figures and some extra signs to Uppercase; vertically aligns math symbols and punctuation.

DNOM & NUMR
Transforms 0 to 9 figures into numerators (aligned to cap height) and denominators (aligned to baseline).

FRAC
Custom fractions generation feature.

SUPS
Transforms 0 to 9 figures into superiors.

LOCL
Romanian, Moldavian and Polish advanced diacritics support; automatic Catalan punt volant; Dutch localization for accented ij; localization for Turkish i (works also for Kazakh, Tatar, Crimean Tatar, Azeri. Just select your text language to activate the localized accents)

CALT
detects German ß in an uppercase string and substitute it with its uppercase version/ 

SS01 / SALT
Alternate Q letter shape for ultra narrow line heights.
Implemented both as Stylistic Set n°1 (ss01) and Stylistic Alternate (salt) to maximize compatibility between applications.

SS02 / SALT
Alternate N letter shape. Implemented both as Stylistic Set n°2 (ss02) and Stylistic Alternate (salt) to maximize compatibility between applications.

SS03 / SALT
Alternate I letter shape. Implemented both as Stylistic Set n°3 (ss03) and Stylistic Alternate (salt) to maximize compatibility between applications.

SS04 / SALT
Alternate J letter shape. Implemented both as Stylistic Set n°4 (ss04) and Stylistic Alternate (salt) to maximize compatibility between applications.

SS05 / SALT
Alternate Y letter shape. Implemented both as Stylistic Set n°5 (ss05) and Stylistic Alternate (salt) to maximize compatibility between applications.

LNUM/ONUM
Lining / oldstyle figures; LNUM transforms numbers and monetary symbols in Uppercase; ONUM do the opposite (default figures are ONUM).

TNUM / PNUM
Tabular/ proportional figures. Figures (numbers, monetary and math symbols) of same width always align, in spite of their weight.

ZERO / SALT
Slashed zero alternate glyph. Works with tabular and proportional figures, numerators, denominators and superiors. Implemented both as Zero as Salt to maximize compatibility between applications.
